### Executive Summary
The purpose of this lab is to get comfortable using GitHub, which is a very popular version control code hosting platform. It's incredibly helpful when you are working with a large team of collaborators and you need to save all past versions of your code in case you need to go back on some of your changes. You can commit changes as often as you like and each version of your code will be saved.

### Information Systems Components
An example of an information system is a PlayStation 4 console system. The hardware is the physical console, the controllers, and the wires. They're the parts of the system you can tangibly touch. The software is the operatiing system, the various applications on the PS4 such as Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, and any games you download from the PlayStation library. The data would include your PlayStation account and the accounts associated with all of the various applications, as well as your progress that has accumulated while playing each game. The people are all the developers that are working on each of the applications, support staff, the information officers, and anyone else involved in the process of making the system. Finally, the process includes any steps integral to bringing the experience of the PlayStation to the consumer or to achieve any other associated goal.

### Github's Client-Server Model
 A client-server model allows a user to log on to a local area network from their own computer and access whatever processes, information and data that the server determines the user has permission to access. Some examples of a client-server model are e-mail and social media like Facebook and Twitter. Github is an open-source community which allows users to access and edit software according to what is private and public, and every commit will be saved for viewing at any time.

### Github's Cloud Computing Environment
Cloud computing delivers a service over a network (usually the Internet) which allows users to access their data using any device available to them. Instead of the information being saved on a computer's hard drive, cloud computing involves saving the information on an exterior third-party physical or virtual server. One of the most popular examples of this is Amazon's AWS Cloud Computing Services, which you likely use daily. So instead of saving your code on your computer, where you can only access it when you're using that hard drive, Github allows you to access your (or any other) code from any device.

### Conclusion
I've been programming for over two years on a recreational basis, but have used Github sparingly. The biggest issue I have had so far is using Git to upload my projects, and how to navigate Github to find other projects I am passionate about. I'm very excited to learn how to use this amazing resource more regularly to make my work more easily accessible to peers and employers, and also to see others' work to see if there's anything I can do to make myself a better programmer.
